add(tools): Tailwind Components' cheatsheet (#382)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: README.md

- 🌍 [Tailwind Cheat Sheet](http://nerdcave.com/tailwind-cheat-sheet) - Tailwind CSS class names cheat sheet.
- 🌍 [Tailwind Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/LeCoupa/awesome-cheatsheets/blob/master/frontend/tailwind.css) - Tailwind CSS class names in one single file.
- 🌍 [Tailwind Cheat Sheet](https://umeshmk.github.io/Tailwindcss-cheatsheet) - Tailwind CSS class names, variants and directives cheat sheet.

> - 🌍 [Tailwindcomponents Cheatsheet](https://tailwindcomponents.com/cheatsheet) - Tailwind CSS cheat sheet helps you to discover Tailwind CSS utilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🌍 [Tailwind Cheat Sheet](https://tailwindcomponents.com/cheatsheet) - Tailwind CSS class names in a searchable page.
```
